a battleground of protest we have the
right to demonstrate against Israel's
war on Gaza and its killing of
civilians as they rallied against the
conflict and the role of weapons
manufacturers thousands of people faced
a human barricade aimed at blocking them
from the entrance to an international
weapons exhibition they cannot just use
taxpayer funds to bring weapons
companies right here to our state to
advertise it includes Israeli weapons
companies it includes companies that
create nuclear weapons we want to show
that as anti-war activists we stand
against that and we stand with the
people who are under the
bombs organized by groups including
students for Palestine and disrupt wars
demonstrators were defiant in their
message against Australia's role in
hosting delegates from around the world
for the land forces 2024 Exposition in
Melbourne the country's largest military
Fair you know this is a Sunday market
for Weaponry for death it's shameful
that in a country like ours as resource
rich as affluent as it is that we're
hosting profiteers profiteers from Death
police faced projectiles including rocks
bottles and horse manure and responded
with pepper
spray rubber bullets and
arrests but 39 um criminals have been
arrested uh for their conduct for their
confrontational conduct uh they've been
charged with a variety of offenses
ranging from assault police um hinder
police obstruct police um to generalized
assault the state government has poured
millions of extra dollars into
bolstering a police presence in the city
for the final days of the exhibition
aiming to deter future unrest a giant
fence has been erected around the city a
ring of Steel put in place as hotels
hosting delegates will remain underu
with demonstrators saying they will be
out in force for the rest of the week
even though we're not there in Palestine
we believe that here in Australia we can
contribute and we can stand up for our
people in Palestine and we will we will
not stop until this stops with a large
police presence and dozens of people
arrested for offenses including arson
assault and blocking roads protesters
are staying defined and Australia's
second largest city is bracing for
further WR Danielle Robertson Al jazer
Melbourne make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer